Creative Brief: Treasure Hunt

Company background:

	GamesRus is a company that makes educational games and apps for families and kids.

Project overview:

	Create an app that would allow a family to play a simple game of Treasure Hunt where the parent/user can set up a game with a chosen number of objects to find and where each object found gives you a clue to the next object to find. The player wins the game by guessing all the clues and finding all the objects. 

Project goals:

	The app must be a CRUD app. The game can be played in-app or played in the real world with the app tracking progress.
	
Target audience:

	This game is aimed at families to play together where one user can set up a game and the player/players can play it. 

Scope and specs:

MVPs:  
- The app can run a simple game with 10 objects and associated clues and announce when the game is won.
- The parent/user can change the number of objects in a game.
- The parent/user can add new objects with clues to the app and include them in a game.
- The parent/user can delete objects/clues.
- The parent/user can change the name or clue of an object.

Should have:
- ability to save a custom game

Could have:
- an object can have multiple clues. Clues can be set by the parent/user or randomised by app.
- an object can have an icon that displays.
- Ability to select a preset game by theme, ie. animals and their sounds.
- Ability to keep track of scores?
- 2 player mode?

Won’t have:
- ability to share games you’ve created with other families
	
Tone & messaging:

	Fun, adaptable, educational
	
Timeline:

	Deadline: Wednesday midday

	Key milestones: 
1. The user can create their own objects with clues.
2. The user can delete objects with clues.
3. The user can create a game with preset objects/clues.
4. The user can change the number of objects in a game.
5. The user can choose the objects in the game.
6. The user can save a custom game.
7. Basic app working with preset clues
8. Work on Could Haves.

	Constraints: Must run on flask. must work on a laptop, phone app or tablet.
	
Budget:
	30 to 35 hrs voluntary womanpower, zero budget…
	
Project team:
	Delphine, support crew, home crew, tutors, google