Creative Brief: Treasure Hunt
Company background
	GamesRus is a company that makes educational games and apps for families and kids.
	Project overview
	Create an app that would allow a family to play a simple game of Treasure Hunt where the parent/user can set up a game with a chosen number of locations to find and where each location found gives you a clue to the next location to find. The player wins the game by guessing all the clues and reaching the final location. 
	Project goals
	The app must be a CRUD app. The game can be played in-app or played in the real world with the app tracking progress.
	Target audience
	This game is aimed at families to play together where one user can set up a game and the player/players can play it. 
	Scope and specs
	MVPs:  
- The app can run a simple game with 10 locations and associated clues and announce when the game is won.
- The game creator can change the number of locations in a game.
- The game creator can add new locations with clues to the app and include them in a game.
- The parent/user can delete locations/clues.
- The parent/user can modify the name or clue of a location.
Should have:
- ability to save a custom game
Could have:
- a location can have multiple clues. Clues can be set by type or by level of difficulty by the game creator or randomised by app.
- a location can have an icon that displays.
- Ability to select a preset game by theme, ie. animal homes and their sounds.
- Ability to keep track of scores?
- 2 player mode?
- ability to add authorised players

	Tone & messaging
	Fun, adaptable, educational
	Timeline
	Deadline: Wednesday midday
Key milestones: 
1. The user can create their own locations with clues.
2. The user can delete locations with clues.
3. The user can create a game with preset locations/clues.
4. The user can change the number of locations in a game.
5. The user can choose the locations in the game.
6. The user can save a custom game.
7. Basic app working in a custom game.
8. Work on Could Haves.
Constraints: Must run on flask. must work on a laptop, phone app or tablet.
	Budget
	30 to 35 hrs voluntary womanpower, zero budget…
	Project team
	Delphine, support crew, home crew, tutors, google